AUTO TWEAKING UTILITY 2 END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and the Auto Tweaking Utility 2
team which consists of 3 people that go by the names of "Danske", "Fanta" and "Lais" and it describes your
rights and the conditions upon which you may use Auto Tweaking Utility 2 or its side services. Please read
this entire End-User License Agreement very carefully, as by accepting this End-User License Agreement or
using the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software you agree to all of these terms. If you do not accept and comply
with these terms, you may not use the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software or its features.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE
The Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software is free to use if you've got your hands on a copy of
Auto Tweaking Utility 2 as long as you comply with all the terms of this End-User License Agreement.

2. RESTRICTIONS ON USE 
The Auto Tweaking Utility 2 team retains the full ownership of the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software and reserves all
rights not explicitly granted in this End-User License Agreement. For example, you may not (and you agree not to):
 - Use the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software for any commercial purposes
 - Sublicense the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software
 - Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software, or otherwise attempt to access the
 source code of it, except and only to the extent permitted by applicable law

3. UPDATES, UPGRADES, SUPPLEMENTS AND ONLINE SERVICES
The Auto Tweaking Utility 2 team will not provide any updates for the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software.

4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software or its side services is provided
"as available", "as is" and "with all faults" and without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not
limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You bear the entire risk as to the
quality and performance of the software and should the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software prove defective, you assume
the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent not prohibited by law, in no event shall the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 team be liable to you for damages,
including any general, special, consequential, incidental or indirect damages arising out of use
or inability to use the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software (including, but not limited to, loss of revenue or profit,
lost or damaged data, failure or malfunction of device or software or other commercial or economic loss), even if the Auto
Tweaking Utility 2 team has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

6. ADDITIONAL TERMS
As the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software is likely to evolve and change, the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 team may
need to revise the terms of this End-User License Agreement in connection of an update. The revised terms shall automatically apply
to the corresponding versions of the Auto Tweaking Utility 2 software or its side services distributed with the revised terms.
If any part of the terms of this End-User License Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of
rest of the terms of this End-User License Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable.

Last updated on 9th of December 2021